No no no no
Brother-in-law, I dare to chase after you
I shouldn't have turned against you
Quickly apologize to your sister and brother-in-law
You go, impossible
I won't apologize to them.
Nonsense, the actors invited are all invited actors
What money?
It's all fake idiots
What are you doing with so much money?
Jiangnan's cash reserves are insufficient
Ruoli said to give you and grandma to give some pocket money
There are still a hundred handcarts left
Now it has been opened all over Jiangnan
To distribute to the people
No money.
Who are you?
Who you are has nothing to do with you
Is that right, Mr. Lin? No, no, no
brother-in-law
It's all my fault
I shouldn't have talked to you like that.
And sister
We are all family
Don't be familiar with me, okay?
Hmph, didn't you just say you wanted to teach me a lesson?
Brother-in-law, what about me?
I was just kidding you.
Sister, can you help me have a word with my brother-in-law?
Please forgive me this time
I won't dare again next time.
Make me tired and send me back, okay?
Miss Jiang's Premier Suite is ready
You and Shaochen can go up together.
brother-in-law
In fact, it should be me with you
Brother-in-law, do you want to give my wife to you?
It's my pleasure.
I'm happy too.
If my sister is bad, even if you forgive me, hey.
Come and kick him out for me too
Don't let him disturb the young master's peace here